Now, the thing to kind of notice at
this point is we now have repetition.
And so it would be nice to kinda
simplify this particular thing.
So what would be nice
if we took these mocks,
all of these three things, and
pulled them out to a setup.
So I'm gonna do just that.
So now let's pull it out.
So let's grab this code right here.
And let's go to the correct
level described.
So this is gonna be probably useful for
all of the API, for the Github IP and
not just for Git repositories.
Let's put it on top level.
And now we can't just leave it in here
because this code doesn't execute over and
over again.
Instead we have something
called beforeEach.
So we're gonna split this,
we will leave the type information here,
and of course it's not
gonna have to be let.
So we can set up our mocks
in here and assign it.
We probably wanna have a type, so
it's gonna be mock of parameters of fetch,
and that's a correct guess.
You have to import the mock.
This one is gonna be a mock
of number of promise.
Wow, autopilot is amazing.
And wow, okay.
>> Last time you said that
the params were completely wrong.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Yeah,
sometimes it just does bad things.
>> It looked correct,
but it was not correct.
>> Yeah, but like this one,
it got it right.
So now that we have this,
what you can see is that we can
now simplify our tests, right?
Because our setup is done for us.
And so we can go back and we can delete
this piece of code as well, right?
And so
now we should still have tests that run.
Let's see,
it looks like we broke something.
Look where it imported it from,
from wrong location.
Okay, sanity has returned, okay.
[COUGH] So we have all the tests working.
Okay, so the thing I wanted to kinda
show off over here is how to do
unit testing isolation,
how you have the marks on both sides,
how you can use a test runner,
like B test, to do your testing.
And more importantly, notice how we just
got into this flow of I'm just coding and
the tests are running always
on the background, right?
When I usually do this, I take this window
and I put it on the right-hand side when I
have a bigger monitor so
that I can just see the test running.
We're having a pretty small monitor coz
we wanted to stream it out on a UI.
So it's kind of squished over here,
but in the real world,
you would have it on a side running and
you just go and code and add features and
go produce whatever you want.
You can debug this,
put a debugger into it, and so on.